Diminishing Returns (DR) helps tracking your teammate and own diminishing returns on hostile _players_ by attaching icons to unit frames.

h2. Features

* display running diminishing returns as icons, showing the diminishing status and remaining time,
* uses DR category database from "DRData-1.0":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/drdata-1-0.aspx,
* select which categories to show or enable the learning option so they are detected automatically,
* main options and icon layout options are available using @/dimret@ and in the addon tab of interface options,
* test mode available using @/drtest@.
* "LibDualSpec-1.0":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/libdualspec-1-0.aspx support for per-spec profiles,
* "AddonLoader":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/addon-loader.aspx support to reduce logon time.

h2. Supported unit frames

* Blizzard target, focus and arena enemy frames,
* "Shadowed Unit Frames":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/shadowed-unit-frames.aspx: target, focus and arena frames (ShadowedUF_Arenas),
* "Gladius":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info11447-Gladius.html (arena unit frames),
* "X-Perl UnitFrames":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/xperl.aspx: target and focus.
* "oUF":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info9994-oUF.html: target and focus.
* "Stellar UF":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/fileinfo.php?id=11182: target and focus.
* "oUF_Adirelle":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/ouf_adirelle.aspx: target and focus.
* (experimental) Blizzard nameplates, you have to install "LibNameplate-1.0":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/libnameplate-1-0.aspx to enable this,
* (untested) "PitBull Unit Frames 4.0":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/pitbull4.aspx: target and focus.
* (untested) "ag UnitFrames":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/ag_unitframes.aspx: target and focus.

The icon layout for each frame is configurable using the "frame layout" entry in interface options.

To help understanding what is happening, you can use the /drsupport chat command, it will list all supported addon and their current state. DiminishingReturns relies on Blizzard API so if an addon is listed as "not installed", this is because WoW itself has not found it.

Possible states:
* active: the addon has been loaded and DiminishingReturns support is fully active.
* error: the addon has been loaded but an error occured in DiminishingReturns support code. Please report it.
* to be loaded: the addon is installed but not loaded yet.
* cannot be loaded: the addon is installed but the game client could not load it for some reason.
* not installed: the addon has not be detected by the game client. 

h2. User feedback

* General discussion: "WoWAce forum thread":http://forums.wowace.com/showthread.php?t=17166
* Bug reports: "WoWAce ticket system":http://www.wowace.com/addons/diminishingreturns/tickets.
